what is going on guys it is echo and
welcome to a minecraft Xbox 360 plans
fist zombies map now this I believe is a
remake of siblings map from the PC
version now it's done to agree standard
and I can see all the detail and hard
work that has gone into this map now
down the description guys you have a
download I would highly recommend going
to check it out it is great to play with
friends it's kind of a competitive type
of thing now full credit does go to the
Creator but suddenly he does not have a
youtube channel where you will see his
gamertag on the wall right now that was
gamertag is magic x skills if you want
to message him and give him a compliment
that is fully down to you and but you
can see his gamertag there and sadly he
has no youtube account but if you would
like to email him and give him some
feedback please do but don't be spamming
him too much because I'm sure he
wouldn't like that as well but over here
there's some rules I see a cake
there's a rules and there's how are you
wax there's no braking or building
blocks no leaving the platform or map
play on peaceful mode no more than two
players can play do not spam the shop or
kill crazy and now he's the shopkeeper
and rule 6 if playing on solo only take
one colors-- and enjoy and then it says
activates and by pressing you keep the
button and so you have to do this when
you go down and explain to you how this
works guys because some of you might not
have a clue says the aim of the game is
to stop the zombies reaching the
platform and falling into the lava if
you do then you lose the game to to get
to win and defeat the zombies you must
hold I think it says 15 minutes using
your bow and arrow you'll earn sand
every 10 seconds and you can use this to
buy weapons on other defense from crazy
EDS bric-a-brac the zombies will
multiply and get stronger after time
goes on so make sure you are prepared
I'm ready for there is only one
enchanted bow for sale at the shop so
don't try and buy it twice and then it
says left to right ok then so let's go
and do it there it says note
press the star button before the game
starts okay so this is how you this is
how you buy things I'm sure you guys are
probably familiar with this I'm trying
to I need a button it says haha okay
trolling around there but we're gonna
head down it says it said on press the
button and do not move whilst falling so
stand still and where we go nice you can
see the build I mean there's definitely
hard work and dedication gone into this
map and you can see his trademark
they're saying magic egg skills and this
is a great map and there's a lot of
redstone involved in this it's called
block this zombies and you'll notice
there's different colors on the wall
this is for the stand that he was
talking about so we're gonna take this
color and you'll hear something's moving
around I'm sure you guys are probably
familiar with this anyway but in here
Oh arch tower which is eight dollars
each which is just eights and enchanted
bow 10 and barrier which is five dollars
each crazy
Edd's bric-a-brac I love that I like the
way it's cute little nicknames for it
and we're gonna be the red player and
press this button and see what happens
okay nothing I made a noise okay okay so
and yeah so it's made for two people I
believe so any more than that I won't be
very useful unless you team up with us
to V two on one color and they spawn
down there now you might not see it
fully in action guys which is why I have
provided a download link anyway and you
will have to oops I didn't mean to do
that
a broken he doesn't seem happy and what
are you each got instant health instant
health potions we have the Infinity bow
which is why they only give you one
arrow they give you some food as well I
am in creative obviously you play on
peaceful and on survival mode I'm still
gonna kill this guy here because he's
obviously randomly spawned at nighttime
and I believe if they do fall into the
lava then it will completely blow you
warp or you can you'll notice the start
button over here guys I mean no I'm not
going to show you the game of full
action and it can take a couple of
seconds possibly 30 seconds to 60
seconds to take effect for the zombies
to start spawning and you know to see
how is very confused as like whatever
you don't add why are they not spawning
but you will notice in the cave at the
background they will spawn you can also
see from left to right there is loads of
and dispenses these have these zombie
spawn eggs but I'm just gonna go down
here and show you that they are
available as you can see they will start
this form very very slowly and they were
spawn until the round is over and then
from then you buy stuff in the store
port I mean guys hopefully you do fully
enjoy this I have messed around with
this with my friends and they did enjoy
it as well and I do feel there's not
enough minecraft maps' available in the
community so I will start to bring more
and more as the weeks and the days go by
hopefully some of you guys can build on
some title update 14 Maps which I'm very
very highly look forward to IVA deco you
can see there's a lot of redstone
involved in this map if you can't hit
this like button it is highly
appreciated and download it down below
have a great day and I'll catch you next
time